README.md, before:

# Kallme-Xposed
update as of 2-25-26: the revanced team has confimed my suspicion, they are constantly checking the licenses and values of the client with the server and if anything doesnt match they wait 5 mins and shut down the app and blacklist the account.

heres what i know: they do periodic checks to see what attributes the client is reporting, if the client reports as premium but the servers database says free it sends a pushka-tokens delete command and revokes the token. This explains why using the web player or the official spotify app works, now to bypass this revanced has changed the attributes to free and on-demand. this works beacuse as of right now (2-26-26) spotify doesnt validate the on-demond attribute, but its the easy way out and has ads, im striving to edit what the client is sending to the server so it tells the server we have free attributes when in reality we dont. However, theres a reason revanced took the easy way out, they are sending these commands thru a deep library that im in the process of reverse engineering, hopefully this yeilds results and if not ill have to take the revanced approach

Commit message:

Update README with recent findings and strategies
Added updates on memory writing and client-server attribute checks.

README.md, after:

# Kallme-Xposed
update as of 2-25-26: the revanced team has confimed my suspicion, they are constantly checking the licenses and values of the client with the server and if anything doesnt match they wait 5 mins and shut down the app and blacklist the account.

update as of 2-28-26: ive acheived memory writing and im finding new offsets that disable or force tell the server that the client has free attributes

heres what i know: they do periodic checks to see what attributes the client is reporting, if the client reports as premium but the servers database says free it sends a pushka-tokens delete command and revokes the token. This explains why using the web player or the official spotify app works, now to bypass this revanced has changed the attributes to free and on-demand. this works beacuse as of right now (2-26-26) spotify doesnt validate the on-demond attribute, but its the easy way out and has ads, im striving to edit what the client is sending to the server so it tells the server we have free attributes when in reality we dont. However, theres a reason revanced took the easy way out, they are sending these commands thru a deep library that im in the process of reverse engineering, hopefully this yeilds results and if not ill have to take the revanced approach
